dd-trace-js: document instrumentation at *import* time before init (#27782)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/nodejs.md

const tracer = require('dd-trace').init();
```

> **Note**: `DD_TRACE_ENABLED` is true by default, thus some minimal instrumentation will happen by default **at import time, before initialization**. If you want to fully disable all instrumentation, you may make the import conditional, or you may explicitly set `DD_TRACE_ENABLED=false` (for example if conditional imports are impossible because using static / top-level ESM imports).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: `DD_TRACE_ENABLED` is true by default, which means some instrumentation occurs at import time, before initialization. To fully disable instrumentation, you can do one of the following:
- import the module conditionally 
- set `DD_TRACE_ENABLED=false` (if, for example, static or top-level ESM imports prevent conditional loading)
```

Author: @domalessi looks good!
